Adding Learn docs for RSCs (#6502)
reactjs/react.dev: src/content/learn/fetching-data.md

An analogy to calling an asynchronous function is like taking your clothes to the dry cleaners. You've given the work to clean your clothes to someone else, leaving you free to do other things. The dry cleaners give you a ticket, a promise, that they will complete this work and notify you when they're done. When the work is done successfully, the Promise is considered resolved.

<Illustration>
Illustration of the parallel work while getting dry cleaning
</Illustration>

Now, imagine you are trying to render the component `LATemperature`. The first thing you do is kick off the asynchronous work of reading the temperature file and you've received `tempPromise` as a Promise. Now, you're free to do the next set of work. But wait, the next instruction requires you to know the temperature, yet all we have is a Promise. The Promise may or may not be ready with the actual temperature value.

> Here is where `await` comes in. `await` is a keyword that is used before a Promise and tells JavaScript to pause running the current function and wait for the Promise to resolve.Then, when it is resolved, await will unwrap the Promise container to return the value. We use await on tempPromise to pause our component rendering until the file is read and receive the value returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is where `await` comes in. `await` is a keyword that is used before a Promise and tells JavaScript to pause running the current function and wait for the Promise to resolve. Then, when it is resolved, `await` will unwrap the Promise container to return the value. We use `await` on `tempPromise` to pause our component rendering until the file has been read. Once the process is done, we receive the value that was read from the file and assign it to the variable `temp`.
```

> In our analogy, this would be similar to waiting at the dry cleaners for them to finish because the next chore on your todo list requires those clothes. Thus, preventing you from doing anything else in the meantime.

Reviewer: The analogy seems imperfect: This makes it sound like using `await` is equivalent to using a synchronous API that pauses the main thread. 

Maybe you need to introduce another task that depends on the dry cleaning, like packing your suitcase for a trip. You can do other stuff in the meantime, but to finish packing your suitcase you need to get the dry cleaning back.

Our other examples of fetching data from a database server or making a network request to an API endpoint are also asynchronous operations that return Promises.

<DeepDive>

####  When to use await {/*when-to-use-await*/}

Generally, you'll want to kick off asynchronous work as early as possible so that you can maximize the amount of work you can do before needing to `await` the Promise returned.

Due to the simple nature of our component, our example needed to immediately await the asynchronous operation because the component render was blocked on that data.

Here is an example where we are able to kick off the asynchronous work and then do some synchronous work in the meantime, and then finally await the data just before it is used.

```js
async function HoveringButton({ userContext, label, lastTouchPoint }) {
  // async operation
  const localePromise = getLocale(userContext);

  // expensive calculation
  const offset = calculateNewOffset(lastTouchPoint);

>   return ...

Reviewer: Example incomplete? It doesn't `await` anything.

}
```

</DeepDive>

> You'll notice that our component function declarations now have an `async` prefix. This is also a JavaScript keyword and any function that uses `await` will need to be marked with `async`. If a function `await`s a Promise, it itself becomes asynchronous.

Reviewer: This paragraph maybe belongs in the main discussion. 

Whenever you use `await` within a function, you have to add the `async` keyword to the beginning of the function.

> Imagine being the parent function calling the `LATemperature` component function. When you call `LATemperature` and it gets to the instruction of `await`-ing `readFilePromise`, JavaScript execution returns to you and you receive a Promise that promises to give you the completed render of `LATemperature`.

Reviewer: LATemperature is a component, not a normal function, so you wouldn't normally call it. Maybe the chaining aspect of promises should be explained with a non-component function: for example, you could create a function `readTemperature` that reads the file and then parses it and extracts the temperature as a number.
